{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Console;}{\f3\froman\fprq2 Lucida Console;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning1\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 SETTINGS\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Some things are configurable, click the 'Settings' button at the top right of the main window, each setting has a description of what it does.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 COPYING\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Right clicking on any row in the blueprints view will copy the value (with some special handling for stuff like links) to the clipboard.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 If you hold `shift` while right-clicking a guid (i.e. a link, or the "Blueprint ID" field) the value will be copied with `!bp_` prefixed, creating !bp_guid. This can be useful for OwlcatTemplate development.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 FILTERING\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Typing text in the filter field of the blueprint view will restrict the view to only fields (keys or values) that have a substring match. The ancestry chain of any fields will also be shown.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 You can also focus the filter field by pressing \highlight1\f2 !\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 i.e. a filter of \highlight1\f2 m_Buff\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 will show a field such as \highlight1\f2 Root/Thing/m_Buff\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 it will also show the Root and Thing fields (even though they do not themselves match).\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 You can use the filter: \lquote\highlight1\f2 Value/\highlight0\f0\rquote  to show \highlight1\f2 Value\highlight0\f0  \b and\b0  all children of \cf2\highlight1\f2 Value\cf0\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 SEARCHING INSIDE A BLUEPRINT\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 In addition to filtering, you can also type \highlight1\f2 /term<enter>\highlight0\f0  (as in vim/less) to search within a blueprint. This feature is a bit funky but mostly works, you can also use \highlight1\f2 ?term<enter>\highlight0\f0  to begin searching backwards.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 After confirming a search with <ENTER> you can cycle through the (highlighted) matches:\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 n \f3\endash\f2  next match\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 N \f3\endash\f2  previous match\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 You can use vim-ish keys within a blueprint to navigate around:\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 j \f3\endash\f2  next line\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 k \f3\endash\f2  previous line\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 Ctrl-U/page-up \f3\endash\f2  scroll up a bit\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 Ctrl-D/page-down \f3\endash\f2  scroll down a bit\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 <space> \f3\endash\f2  toggle expansion\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 <enter> - follow link\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 Ctrl-<enter> - follow link in new tab\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 Ctrl-o \f3\endash\f2  go back in history\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 Ctrl-i \f3\endash\f2  go forward in history\highlight0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 EXPANDING\fs22 /\fs28 COLLAPSING\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Clicking on the expand/collapse button will toggle the row and its children\rquote s visibility.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Double click on a row to toggle its (and its children\rquote s) collapse state\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Hold 'Control' while toggling to toggle all the children of the node (instead of the node itself).\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 FOLLOWING LINKS:\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 To follow links (denoted by the exclamation point prefixing them), click the link. \f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 TABS:\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Bubbleprints supports multiple tabs, each of which can display a separate blueprint.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 To open a new tab you can ctrl + left-click or by middle-click on a link in a blueprint.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 You can also drag tabs to \ldblquote dock\rdblquote  them side-by-side.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 NAVIGATING\fs22 :\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Each tab has a "history" of which blueprints you have visited, similarly to a web browser. You can choose to navigate directly to a previously visited blueprint by clicking its entry at the history-bar at the bottom of the screen.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 The mouse-back and mouse-forward buttons will also navigate as expected.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 SEARCHING\fs22 :\b0\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Type in the big search bar at the top of the window.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 BubblePrints will search all blueprints by name and do a fuzzy match, then return the matches in the "best" order. It doesn't get it right 100% of the time, but what you're looking for should be in the top few results.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Pressing 'enter' with the search bar focused will open the "top" result, so typically you will do "type search thing, press enter, hope it got it right".\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 If your search begins with !bp_ the rest of the search string will be treated as a blueprint guid\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Clicking an entry in the list of search results will open that blueprint.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Middle-clicking an entry in the list of search results will open that blueprint in a new tab.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 You can also search by type/guid/namespace:\f1\fs24\lang2057\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 t:Type\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 g:Guid    (g: Guid will ignore a leading !bp_, i.e. it is safe to do g:!bp_Guid)\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f0\fs22\lang1033 n:Namespace\f1\fs24\lang2057\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 example:\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 glitter t:Buff\highlight0\f0  will fuzzy match by name on glitter, and restrict the results to only blueprints whose type matches Buff\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 g:abcdef\highlight0\f0  will find all results that have the exact substring abcdef in their guid.\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 ?type\highlight0\f0  will show limit results to only blueprints that contain a sub-component with that type, for example:\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 ?AreaEffect t:BlueprintAbility\highlight0\f0  will search for all blueprints with type matching "BlueprintAblity" that contain a component with type matching "AreaEffect".\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Note: Type matching is not a substring, not fuzzy (yet?)\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 #this is a string\highlight0\f0  will perform a full-text search through every blueprint, this will also search the (English) localised text. \f1\fs24\lang2057\par
\highlight1\f2\fs22\lang1033 >fieldName\highlight0\f0  will group results by the value in field (if it exists)\f1\fs24\lang2057\par
}
 